minor changes in README.md (#15601)
netdata/netdata: README.md

  Clear and precise visualization that allows you to quickly understand any dataset, but also to filter, slice and dice the data directly on the dashboard, without the need to learn any query language.

- :bell: **Out of box Alerts**<br/>

>   It comes with hundreds of alerts out of the box to detect common issues and pitfalls, revealing issues that can easily go unnoticed. It supports several notification methods to inform you when your attention is needed.

Reviewer: i think way it was is better given the context of being near top of readme - it's supposed to be chill sort of main quick takeaways 

e.g. in this setting i think "let you know" is better than "inform". And not "Comes" instead of "It comes" is fine as its all ready been established by the "Key Features:" that the subject is netdata, hence no need for "It comes" instead of "Comes"

   Optionally, [sign-in](https://app.netdata.cloud/sign-in) to [Netdata Cloud](https://www.netdata.cloud/) and claim your Netdata Agents and Parents.
   If you connect your Netdata Parents, there is no need to connect your Netdata Agents. They will be connected via the Parents.
   

>    When your Netdata is connected to Netdata Cloud, you can (on top of the above):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When your Netdata nodes are connected to Netdata Cloud, you can (on top of the above):
```

The above, and many more, allow Netdata developers to work on the application fast and with confidence. Most of the business logic in Netdata is a work of mixing the above.

> Netdata data metric collection plugins can be developed in any language. Most of our application collectors though are developed in [Go](https://github.com/netdata/go.d.plugin).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Netdata metric collection plugins can be developed in any language. Most of our application collectors though are developed in [Go](https://github.com/netdata/go.d.plugin).
```

</details>

## FAQ

### :shield: Is Netdata secure?

> Of course, it is! We do our best to ensure it is!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course it is! We do our best to ensure it is!
```

Reviewer: adding "," completely changes this sentence in wrong way.

<details><summary>Click to see detailed answer ...</summary>
&nbsp;<br/>&nbsp;<br/>

First, we have to say that Prometheus as a time-series database and Grafana as a visualizer are excellent tools for what they do.

However, we believe that such a setup is missing a key element: A Prometheus and Grafana setup assumes that you know everything about the metrics you collect and you understand deeply how they are structured, they should be queried and visualized.

In reality, this setup has a lot of problems. The vast number of technologies, operating systems, and applications we use in our modern stacks, makes it impossible for any single person to know and understand everything about anything. We get testimonials regularly from Netdata users across the biggest enterprises, that Netdata manages to reveal issues, anomalies and problems they were not aware of and they didn't even have the means to find or troubleshoot.

> So, the biggest difference between Netdata Prometheus and Grafana, is that we decided that the tool needs to have a much better understanding of the components, the applications, and the metrics it monitors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, the biggest difference between Netdata and Prometheus and Grafana, is that we decided that the tool needs to have a much better understanding of the components, the applications, and the metrics it monitors.
```

Author: Reverting my change, reading this again I prefer the original approach

   Netdata should out-of-the-box detect as many infrastructure issues as possible. By sharing your knowledge and experiences, you help us build a monitoring solution that has baked into it all the best-practices about infrastructure monitoring.

2. **Let us know if Netdata is not perfect for your use case**<br/>
   We aim to support as many use cases as possible and your feedback can be invaluable. Open a GitHub issue, or start a GitHub discussion about it, to discuss how you want to use Netdata and what you need.

   Although we can't implement everything imaginable, we try to prioritize development on use-cases that are common to our community, are in the same direction we want Netdata to evolve and are aligned with our roadmap.

4. **Support other community members**<br/>
   Join our community on Github, Discord and Reddit. Generally, Netdata is relatively easy to set up and configure, but still people may need a little push in the right direction to use it effectively. Supporting other members is a great contribution by itself!

5. **Add or improve integrations you need**<br/>

>    Integrations are generally easier and simpler to develop. If you want to contribute code to Netdata, we suggest you; start with integrations you need that Netdata may not currently support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Integrations tend to be easier and simpler to develop. If you would like to contribute your code to Netdata, we suggest that you start with the integrations you need, which Netdata does not currently support.
```
